README.md, before:

# FrPocClient

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 20.3.8.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

Add visitor management features with facial recognition
- Add visitor registration page with webcam/file upload support
- Add visitor verification page with facial recognition
- Add visitor detail page for verification process
- Implement environment-based API configuration
- Update README with project details
- Mobile-responsive design with camera support

README.md, after:

# Facial Recognition POC Client

A Visitor Management System (VMS) client application built with Angular that uses facial recognition for visitor registration and verification.

## Features

- **Visitor Registration**: Register new visitors with photo capture (webcam or file upload)
- **Visitor Verification**: Verify visitors using facial recognition
- **Visitor Search**: Search and view visitors by scheduled date
- **Mobile Support**: Responsive design with mobile camera support

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- Angular CLI (v20.3.8)
- Backend API running on `http://localhost:3000` (configurable via environment variables)

## Installation

```bash
npm install
```

## Configuration

The API URL can be configured in the environment files:
- Development: `src/environments/environment.ts`
- Production: `src/environments/environment.prod.ts`

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
